Loyalists

The Bureaucrat starts the game knowing how many pairs of Fascists there are.
The Inspector starts the game knowing that one of three specific players is a particular Agent.
The Vicar starts the game knowing three players, where exactly one of them is a Fascist.
The Surveyor, each time a third policy is enacted, publicly chooses two players and learns whether either of them is the Dictator. A Liberal registers as a Dictator to the Surveyor.
The Nun, each time this player enacts a fascist policy, they self-exile (involuntarily), they learn how many players (that are neighbors) are Fascist. 
The Fisherman, once per game, may publicly choose a dead player and learns that player’s role.
The Organizer, once per game, may publicly choose a player and learns whether that player is an Agent or is learning rumors.
The Deputy, when exiling themselves, must first publicly /claim role Deputy, then publicly chooses three players and learns how many of them are Dissidents.
The Journalist, when exiling themselves, must first publicly /claim role Journalist, then publicly chooses three players and learns how many of them are Liberal.
The Monk, when exiling themselves, publicly chooses two players other than themselves and learns whether those two players share the same alignment.
The Harrier, upon dying, publicly chooses a player and learns that player’s role.
The Pacifist, upon dying, remains alive and publicly chooses a player, causing that player to die.
The Governor causes their team to immediately win if a Chancellor cannot be nominated.

Dissidents

The Usher, once per deck, may choose a player other than themselves and must vote Ja if that player is nominated.
The Rumorist is known to the Dictator and believes they are a Loyalist even though they are not, and instead learns rumors.
TODO: The Conformist is known to the Dictator and may register as a Fascist even while dead, with their loyalty card being Fascist.
The Klutz, upon dying, causes the Dictator to learn this, and Fascists win if a Fascist is elected Chancellor.

Agents

The Insurrectionary, once per deck, may choose a player who then learns rumors until a reshuffle occurs.
The Noble, once per deck (after the first deck), may choose a player who will die if two consecutive elections fail before a reshuffle.
The Grandma, upon dying, remains alive and publicly chooses a player to die, and may register as any Liberal while their loyalty card remains Liberal.
TODO: The Jester, upon dying, causes the game to end in one minute, after which the player chosen by the most Dissidents dies, and two additional Dissidents are added.

Dictator

Hitler causes their team to immediately win if they are elected Chancellor after three Fascist policies have been enacted.

Rules and Notes

Exile allows any player not currently elected to gain an exile token, which must be discarded after a reshuffle. Exiled players may not run for office.
Rumors grant no abilities to the player receiving them and may contain arbitrary or false information provided by the Fascists.
